Kab163/update readmes (#16)
LLNL/raja-suite-tutorial: Intro_Tutorial/lessons/12/README.md

- https://raja.readthedocs.io/en/develop/ 
- https://umpire.readthedocs.io/en/develop/

You can now move on to the Intermediate level RAJA tutorial for more practice

> using common RAJA features. Start on `01_SEQ` and move your way up to `04_LAUNCH`.

Author: ```suggestion
using common RAJA features. Start on `00_BASE` and move your way up to `04_LAUNCH`.
```
